Documentation on how to publish asset through the UI (#116)
agera-edc/MinimumViableDataspace: docs/developer/publish-asset.md

# Publish Assets

## Overview

> Publishing an asset in EDC is done by creating a new contract definition. Every contract definition has an access policy and contract policy associated with it. Along with this it also has at least one asset selector which defines the assets that are being published by the current contract definition.

Reviewer: It would be good to describe how the parameters that can be entered on the UI translate to the API, as there is no asset selector to be defined (manually) when publishing an asset.

Author: Addressed. Updated the doc.

## Prerequisites

To publish an asset followings are the prerequisites:

* Asset must be already uploaded and available in the EDC.
* Policy must be created in the EDC.

## Publishing an asset

* Go to`Contract Definitions` pane and here you will see any existing contract definitions if any.

> * Click on `Create Contract Definition` button and this will open an UI popup where you can add further details.

Reviewer 2: nit: typo

```suggestion
* Click on `Create Contract Definition` button and this will open a UI popup where you can add further details.
```

* Add a unique ID e.g. UUID for the contract definition in UI box named `ID`.
* Select appropriate access policy from the dropdown.
* Select appropriate contract policy from the dropdown.
* Select the assets you want to add to the contract definition

> * More than one asset selectors can be added.

Reviewer 2: Showing my ignorance here. However, I cannot follow those two steps in combination with the statement `asset selector which defines the assets that are being published` above.

Are there two ways to define assets which should be published?

1. Once by selecting assets as it is written in `Select the assets you want to add to the contract definition` AND
2. additionally by choosing the `asset selector`?

Author: Updated the doc to make it clearer.

An end user just needs to select one or more assets which needs to be published with given contract definitions.

> * More than one asset selectors can be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * More than one asset can be added to a contract definition.
```
